Name changes VE to Canvas - may need deleting / closing (please don't review) (#7211)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/visual-editor-qs.md

---
title: "Quickstart for the dbt Cloud Canvas"
id: "visual-editor"
level: 'Beginner'
icon: 'dbt'
hide_table_of_contents: true

> tags: ['Canvas','Analyst', 'dbt Cloud','model']

Reviewer: I think we should leave "visual editor" in here as well since it's a term some customers know. It will help with the search functionality if they use it
```suggestion
tags: ['Canvas','Analyst', 'dbt Cloud','model','visual editor']
```

The models built in the <Constant name="visual_editor" /> are a part of your larger dbt project. They are stored in the `visual_editor` folder of your `/models` directory. This is all done automatically; you don't have to configure any paths or directories. 

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/visual-editor/ve-model-folder.png" width="90%" title="Example of the Canvas's model path in GitHub." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/visual-editor/ve-model-folder.png" width="90%" title="Example of the Canvas model's path in GitHub." />
```
